ife stop eating wrong side bond (#585)
omisego/plasma-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased - 2020-02-18

## [1.0.3] - 2020-02-18

> - In-flight exit would return piggyback bond even if user piggyback the wrong canonicity. ([#585](https://github.com/omisego/plasma-contracts/pull/585))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In-flight exit returns all unchallenged piggyback bonds even if user piggybacks the wrong canonicity. ([#585](https://github.com/omisego/plasma-contracts/pull/585))
```
